# 05-05-2021 (C++, Leetcode, and OBS)

- Sources of where I learned from:
  - [C++ Vectors](https://www.bitdegree.org/learn/c-plus-plus-vector)
  - [C++ Finding the length of an array](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/how-do-i-find-the-length-of-an-array-in-c-cplusplus)
 

- What I've Learned:
  - C++
    - Vectors can work with dynamic data which means the number of elements can decrease or increase without defining how many elements can be stored.
    - OOP Concepts
      - Abstraction (Using Imperative code to create more declarative code)
        - For example, to turn on a computer, all I have to do is press a button but there are many processes in the background to get the computer to be turned on. turnOnComputer method would be much more convenient to create than writing 50 lines of code to turn on a computer.
      - Inheritance
        - in c++, `class InheritorClass: BaseClass` is how we would inherit the method and variables from the base class.
        - Useful to not re-write the same method if the base class already has it
    - Access Modifiers allows methods and/or variables of a class to be more or less accessible.
      - Private access modifier can only be used within the class and is not accessible from an inheritor or be used by an instance.
      - Protected access modifier can be used by the inheritor class but cannot be used in an instance.
      - Public access modifier allows the variable/method be accessible in a class' instance or in an inheritor.
    - Addresses
      - Arrays in C++ when outputted on the console will point at the first element's memory address. 
    - Pointers
      - Pointers point at memory addresses.
      - We need pointers to target the information we want to find.
    - Generics
      - Allows for different data types to be used for a method.
    - Function Overloading
      - Allows for multiple functions with the same name but with different arguments and/or return output.
  - OBS
    - Scenes are used to create 
  

- Accomplishments:
  - [Leetcode: Find Max Consecutive Ones](https://replit.com/@Skidragon/FindMaxConsecutiveOnes#main.cpp)
    - Learned and reviewed about using vectors, generics, and references. 